# Nvidia-Water-project
I can't upload my model.pth or my data sets becuase the files were to large but my code is uploaded here. My project was made to test the clearity of water by compating it to samples of clean and dirty water. First I started off the code by turning on the connected and turning on the camera. The camera is used to observe the images it gets and be used as imput for the model. The next cell is used to create the task of the algorithm and define the categories of data. To do this I assinged the task to 'Water' and the catagories to 'Water_Clean" and "water_Dirty". after defining the data type, I coded where the data is. Under a folder I kept two sperate files filled with clean water in one, and dirty water in the other. Now that my code new where the data was and what format it should be in I could move on to writing the algorithm. In the code the next section says data collection. This is becuase the code I orrigonally made got deleted and I needed to work off of a code provided to me as a base. A short expliation of that part of the code would be that the origonal code used images that you upload yourself for the data. I wanted to use prerecorded data, as it would be easier for people to use if they were going to use the code for its purpose. Now it is time to make the model. The model uses torch, an open-source library used for deep/machine learning. The model uses resent18 to classify objects and compare others. In the same cell it also creates buttons thast ask you to train and load a model, as i said abouve, the model was too large of a file so i wasnt able to upload that along with my code. The next cell utilises the connected camera to create a live feed of what the code is seeing. Then is training and evaluation, this cell looks at the datasets and then tests itself by comparing the imgages and hypothozizing if the water is clean or not and seeing if it is correct. The second last cell is simply used to display all the code and the live feed. When the code is running you should see widgets and the live feed of your camera. Becuase the model couldnt be be uploaded you will need to create your own by adding how many epochs you want it to run and then press train. after that save the model and then load it. Finnaly press live and you should be getting live feed and if you hold up a glass of water twards your camera there will be a prediction if it is either clean or dirty water. The last cell is simply for turning off your camera and exit the code.
